Update server-level-roles.md (#10336)
MicrosoftDocs/sql-docs: docs/relational-databases/security/authentication-access/server-level-roles.md

| --- | --- |
| `##MS_DatabaseConnector##` | Members of the `##MS_DatabaseConnector##` fixed server role can connect to any database without requiring a User-account in the database to connect to.<br /><br />To deny the `CONNECT` permission to a specific database, users can create a matching user account for this login in the database and then `DENY` the `CONNECT` permission to the database-user. This `DENY` permission overrules the `GRANT CONNECT` permission coming from this role. |
| `##MS_LoginManager##` | Members of the `##MS_LoginManager##` fixed server role can create, delete, and modify logins. Contrary to the old fixed server role **securityadmin**, this role doesn't allow members to `GRANT` privileges. It's a more limited role that helps to comply with the *Principle of least Privilege*. |

> | `##MS_DatabaseManager##` | This is a highly privileged role. Members of the `##MS_DatabaseManager##` fixed server role can create databases and they can drop databases they own. A member of the `##MS_DatabaseManager##` role that creates a database, becomes the owner of that database, which allows that user to connect to that database as the `dbo` user. The `dbo` user has all database permissions in the database. Furthermore, members of the `##MS_DatabaseManager##` has ALTER permissions in other databases they have permission to connect to. Note that this includes system databases like `msdb` where the `guest` user is enabled. This permission permits members of `##MS_DatabaseManager##` to create, alter and drop any type of object in all databases they can connect to. However, with no other permission than membership in `##MS_DatabaseManager##` they have no permission to view or modify data, nor to execute stored procedures. |

Reviewer: We can reuse wording from `azure-sql/database/security-server-roles.md` and retain the escalation warning.

```suggestion
| `##MS_DatabaseManager##` | Members of the `##MS_DatabaseManager##` fixed server role can create databases, and delete databases they own. A member of the `##MS_DatabaseManager##` role that creates a database, becomes the owner of that database, which allows that user to connect to that database as the `dbo` user. The `dbo` user has all database permissions in the database. Members of this role can potentially elevate their privileges under certain conditions. Apply the principle of least privilege when assigning this role and monitor all activity performed by its members. Use this server role instead of the **dbmanager** fixed database role that exists in `master`. |
```
